gh-94675: Add a regression test for rjsmin re slowdown (#94685)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tests/2022-07-08-12-22-00.gh-issue-94675.IiTs5f.rst

> Add a regreesion test for :mod:`re` exponencional slowdon when using rjsmin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a regression test for :mod:`re` exponentional slowdown when using rjsmin.
```

Author: Thank you!
